There's an interesting idea. I think Michael mal brought it up as a, as a test,
whether you're on the left or the right. Uh,
the question he asks, which is, do you think some people are better than others?
If you say yes,
he claims you're on the right <laugh> if you start answering you start like
saying a lot of things like, uh,
uh, you're on the left.
So if, if you start explaining yourself well, communicating, yeah.
That's a good term for it. I was really, so I, in this,
in this test,
I suppose I would be on the left because I'm uncomfortable with the idea that
some people are better than others as a basic feeling,
as a starting point in the way you think about the world.
Because as we're talking about, everybody's a hero of their own story.
When you start to think,
some people are better than others as a starting Axiom,
it's like a slippery slope to where you think you're
way better than others.
And then you start to like,
basically it's okay to take advantage of a large percent of the
population for the greater good. Totally.
And then you go into Stalin mode and Hitler mode where it's okay to
a larger part out of the population for the greater good. So it's like,
it's this very dangerous, slippery slope in my mind.
So I try to not, uh, yeah,
I was always uncomfortable with that kind of test or even that kind of thought
and yes, the same applies and suppose in, um,
in government and central banking is if you,
some people are better than others applying your idea of what is good can have
large scale detrimental, uh, effects. Of course. Yeah.
I I'm glad you didn't pose me the question <laugh>. I mean, I think it,
it maybe not the left right. Ax isn't, uh, the disjunction,
isn't the way I would sort of put it, but, um, you know, to me,
it's just, if you reason in a consequentialist way, you know,
that lends itself to authoritarianism.
Yeah.
Where whereby you think you can shape society and only you can shape society in
a positive direction, according to your, you know, specific objectives.